last week I issued a challenge I asked
the parents of America to put pull a
little holiday trick on their children
we did this on Halloween with candy and
got a lot of response to it so we did it
again this time for Christmas I asked
parents to tell their kids they were
gonna let them open one present a few
weeks early but instead of a good
present I said put something the kids
won't like in the box and then upload a
video of that to YouTube label hey Jimmy
Kimmel I gave my kids a terrible present
and a lot of people did do this and they
did give their kids their own presents
and a lot of the kids surprisingly
reacted poorly to that Oh what is it an
old banana isn't that exciting what are
you doing Oh a battery and an onion
what's wrong did you smell your onion
here smell it
Marisa what do you tell me all the time
about my cooking
you have my cooking so I made you
something you should be like a sandwich
fine
I love your cooking you cook like so you
don't want that peanut butter and jelly
sandwich open it up you didn't want that
for Christmas take this back take it
back where this is yours oh it's a happy
sandwich isn't that what you asked for
what did you say about Santa why you
just you're champions don't get it
what did you get Jason some black beans
cheese and a waffle house oh you got a
mr. Potato Head
thank you I saw you out of the car to go
watch the big wood off of Santa Claus
are you upset
oh that was your great Grandpa's hair
what guys what's wrong
they're not excited about ponies I don't
know ponies like different girls cuz mom
is a stupid book
you thought really hard about what to
get me is here well you didn't do a very
good job that's what you get Mario would
you get it's an invisible fence for your
dog we're gonna joke I think it was well
Jimmy came home told me to do it all
lazy hey Santa gives that kid anything
he's fired he's done he'll have no
credibility anymore